Documentation on LDAP secure connection (#20963)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/guides/server/keycloak-truststore.adoc

* `ANY` means that the hostname is not verified.
* `WILDCARD` allows wildcards in subdomain names, such as *.foo.com.
* When using `STRICT`, the Common Name (CN) must match the hostname exactly.
+

> Please note that this settings does not apply to LDAP secure connections which requires strict hostname checking.

Reviewer: In the `file` property documentation, does it make sense to replace `HTTPS` with `TLS`? The trust store is not only used in LDAP, as you are making clear here.

I think the beginning of this guide is already generic. But perhaps you can spot anything.

Author: Thank you, fixed

> Please note that this settings does not apply to LDAP secure connections which requires strict hostname checking.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please note that this setting does not apply to LDAP secure connections, which require strict hostname checking.
```

Reviewer 2: BTW, a subordinate clause that begins with "which" begins with a comma.

Author: Thank you!
